we get this sense in our culture
that humans are forever damaging the
planet
that we are the cause of extinctions I
don't know how long it's been since
there's been a natural Extinction
according to the prevailing conception
of what's going on in ecology
we know that 99.99 of species that have
ever existed have gone extinct
but over the last
50 years
we hear about extinctions all the time
but simultaneously in all cases
this is a challenge I'll throw out there
we've never heard of a species that's
gone extinct naturally
why is that
we know that they do
but they apparently don't anymore ever
since humans have arrived on the scene
we're the only things that cause
extinctions more or less